	The purpose of this policy is to outline the acceptable use of computer equipment at Nakimura Industries.
These rules are in place to protect the employee and Nakimura Industries. Inappropriate use exposes
Nakimura Industries to risks including virus attacks, compromise of network systems and services, and legal
issues.

1.0 Scope
	This policy applies to employees, contractors, consultants, temporaries, and other workers at Nakimura
Industries, including all personnel affiliated with third parties. This policy applies to all equipment that is
owned or leased by Nakimura Industries.

2.0 Policy

2.1 General Use and Ownership
     1. While Nakimura Industries's network administration desires to provide a reasonable level of
         privacy, users should be aware that the data they create on the corporate systems remains the
         property of Nakimura Industries. Because of the need to protect Nakimura Industries's network,
         management cannot guarantee the confidentiality of information stored on any network device
         belonging to Nakimura Industries.
     2. Employees are responsible for exercising good judgment regarding the reasonableness of personal
         use. Individual departments are responsible for creating guidelines concerning personal use of
         Internet/Intranet/Extranet systems. In the absence of such policies, employees should be guided by
         departmental policies on personal use, and if there is any uncertainty, employees should consult
         their supervisor or manager.
     3. InfoSec recommends that any information that users consider sensitive or vulnerable be encrypted.
         For guidelines on information classification, see InfoSec's Information Sensitivity Policy. For
         guidelines on encrypting email and documents, go to InfoSec's Awareness Initiative.
     4. For security and network maintenance purposes, authorized individuals within Nakimura Industries
          may monitor equipment, systems and network traffic at any time, per InfoSec's Audit Policy.
     5. Nakimura Industries reserves the right to audit networks and systems on a periodic basis to ensure
          compliance with this policy.

2.2 Security and Proprietary Information
     1. The user interface for information contained on Internet/Intranet/Extranet-related systems should
          be classified as either confidential or not confidential, as defined by corporate confidentiality
          guidelines, details of which can be found in Human Resources policies. Examples of confidential
          information include but are not limited to: company private, corporate strategies, competitor
          sensitive, trade secrets, specifications, customer lists, and research data. Employees should take all
          necessary steps to prevent unauthorized access to this information.
     2. Keep passwords secure and do not share accounts. Authorized users are responsible for the
          security of their passwords and accounts. System level passwords should be changed quarterly,
          user level passwords should be changed every six months.
     3. All PCs, laptops and workstations should be secured with a password-protected screensaver with
          the automatic activation feature set at 10 minutes or less, or by logging-off (control-alt-delete for
          Win2K users) when the host will be unattended.
     4. Use encryption of information in compliance with InfoSec's Acceptable Encryption Use policy.
     5. Because information contained on portable computers is especially vulnerable, special care should
          be exercised. Protect laptops in accordance with the 'Laptop Security Tips'.
     6. Postings by employees from a Nakimura Industries email address to newsgroups should contain a
          disclaimer stating that the opinions expressed are strictly their own and not necessarily those of
          Nakimura Industries, unless posting is in the course of business duties.
     7. All hosts used by the employee that are connected to the Nakimura Industries
          Internet/Intranet/Extranet, whether owned by the employee or Nakimura Industries, shall be
          continually executing approved virus-scanning software with a current virus database unless
          overridden by departmental or group policy.
     8. Employees must use extreme caution when opening e-mail attachments received from unknown
          senders, which may contain viruses, e-mail bombs, or Trojan horse code.

2.3. Unacceptable Use
	The following activities are, in general, prohibited. Employees may be exempted from these restrictions
during the course of their legitimate job responsibilities (e.g., systems administration staff may have a need
to disable the network access of a host if that host is disrupting production services).
Under no circumstances is an employee of Nakimura Industries authorized to engage in any activity that is
illegal under local, state, federal or international law while utilizing Nakimura Industries-owned resources.
The lists below are by no means exhaustive, but attempt to provide a framework for activities which fall
into the category of unacceptable use.
System and Network Activities

The following activities are strictly prohibited, with no exceptions:
     1. Violations of the rights of any person or company protected by copyright, trade secret, patent or
          other intellectual property, or similar laws or regulations, including, but not limited to, the
          installation or distribution of "pirated" or other software products that are not appropriately
          licensed for use by Nakimura Industries.
     2. Unauthorized copying of copyrighted material including, but not limited to, digitization and
          distribution of photographs from magazines, books or other copyrighted sources, copyrighted
          music, and the installation of any copyrighted software for which Nakimura Industries or the end
          user does not have an active license is strictly prohibited.
     3. Exporting software, technical information, encryption software or technology, in violation of
          international or regional export control laws, is illegal. The appropriate management should be
          consulted prior to export of any material that is in question.
     4. Introduction of malicious programs into the network or server (e.g., viruses, worms, Trojan horses,
          e-mail bombs, etc.).
     5. Revealing your account password to others or allowing use of your account by others. This
          includes family and other household members when work is being done at home.
     6. Using a Nakimura Industries computing asset to actively engage in procuring or transmitting
          material that is in violation of sexual harassment or hostile workplace laws in the user's local
          jurisdiction.
     7. Making fraudulent offers of products, items, or services originating from any Nakimura Industries
          account.
     8. Making statements about warranty, expressly or implied, unless it is a part of normal job duties.
     9. Effecting security breaches or disruptions of network communication. Security breaches include,
          but are not limited to, accessing data of which the employee is not an intended recipient or logging
          into a server or account that the employee is not expressly authorized to access, unless these duties
          are within the scope of regular duties. For purposes of this section, "disruption" includes, but is not
          limited to, network sniffing, pinged floods, packet spoofing, denial of service, and forged routing
          information for malicious purposes.
     10.Port scanning or security scanning is expressly prohibited unless prior notification to InfoSec is
          made.
     11.Executing any form of network monitoring which will intercept data not intended for the
          employee's host, unless this activity is a part of the employee's normal job/duty.
     12.Circumventing user authentication or security of any host, network or account.
     13.Interfering with or denying service to any user other than the employee's host (for example, denial
          of service attack).
     14.Using any program/script/command, or sending messages of any kind, with the intent to interfere
          with, or disable, a user's terminal session, via any means, locally or via the
          Internet/Intranet/Extranet.
     15.Providing information about, or lists of, Nakimura Industries employees to parties outside Nakimura Industries.
     Email and Communications Activities
     1. Sending unsolicited email messages, including the sending of "junk mail" or other advertising
          material to individuals who did not specifically request such material (email spam).
     2. Any form of harassment via email, telephone or paging, whether through language, frequency, or
          size of messages.
     3. Unauthorized use, or forging, of email header information.
     4. Solicitation of email for any other email address, other than that of the poster's account, with the
          intent to harass or to collect replies.
     5. Creating or forwarding "chain letters", "Ponzi" or other "pyramid" schemes of any type.
     6. Use of unsolicited email originating from within Nakimura Industries' networks of other
          Internet/Intranet/Extranet service providers on behalf of, or to advertise, any service hosted by
          Nakimura Industries or connected via Nakimura Industries's network.
     7. Posting the same or similar non-business-related messages to large numbers of Usenet newsgroups
          (newsgroup spam).

2.4. Blogging
     1. Blogging by employees, whether using Nakimura Industries' property and systems or personal
          computer systems, is also subject to the terms and restrictions set forth in this Policy. Limited and
          occasional use of Nakimura Industries' systems to engage in blogging is acceptable, provided that
          it is done in a professional and responsible manner, does not otherwise violate Nakimura
          Industries' policy, is not detrimental to Nakimura Industries' best interests, and does not interfere
          with an employee's regular work duties. Blogging from Nakimura Industries' systems is also
          subject to monitoring.
     2. Nakimura Industries' Confidential Information policy also applies to blogging. As such,
          Employees are prohibited from revealing any confidential or proprietary information, trade
          secrets or any other material covered by Nakimura Industries' Confidential Information policy
          when engaged in blogging.
     3. Employees shall not engage in any blogging that may harm or tarnish the image, reputation and/or
          goodwill of Nakimura Industries and/or any of its employees. Employees are also prohibited from
          making any discriminatory, disparaging, defamatory or harassing comments when blogging or
          otherwise engaging in any conduct prohibited by Nakimura Industries' Non-Discrimination and
          Anti-Harassment policy.
     4. Employees may also not attribute personal statements, opinions or beliefs to Nakimura Industries
          when engaged in blogging. If an employee is expressing his or her beliefs and/or opinions in
          blogs, the employee may not, expressly or implicitly, represent themselves as an employee or
          representative of Nakimura Industries. Employees assume any and all risk associated with blogging.
     5. Apart from following all laws pertaining to the handling and disclosure of copyrighted or export
          controlled materials, Nakimura Industries's trademarks, logos and any other Nakimura Industries
          intellectual property may also not be used in connection with any blogging activity

3.0 Enforcement
	Any employee found to have violated this policy may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including
termination of employment.

4.0 Definitions
Term          Definition
Blogging      Writing a blog. A blog (short for weblog) is a personal online journal that is frequently
              updated and intended for general public consumption.
Spam          Unauthorized and/or unsolicited electronic mass mailings.
