	This policy covers all computer and communication devices owned or operated by Nakimura Industries. This
policy also covers any computer and communications device that are present on Nakimura Industries
premises, but which may not be owned or operated by Nakimura Industries. The Auditors Incorperated 
will not perform Denial of Service activities.

1.0 Policy
	When requested, and for the purpose of performing an audit, consent to access needed will be provided to
members of Auditors Incorperated. Nakimura Industries hereby provides its consent to allow Auditors Incorperated
to access its networks and/or firewalls to the extent necessary to allow Auditors Incorperated to perform the
scans authorized in this agreement. Nakimura Industries shall provide protocols, addressing information, and
network connections sufficient for Auditors Incorperated to utilize the software to perform network scanning.
This access may include:
	- User level and/or system level access to any computing or communications device
	- Access to information (electronic, hardcopy, etc.) that may be produced, transmitted or stored on
	  Nakimura Industries equipment or premises
	- Access to work areas (labs, offices, cubicles, storage areas, etc.)
	- Access to interactively monitor and log traffic on Nakimura Industries networks.
1.1 Network Control.
	If Client does not control their network and/or Internet service is provided via a
second or third party, these parties are required to approve scanning in writing if scanning is to occur
outside of the Nakimura Industries' LAN. By signing this agreement, all involved parties acknowledge that
they authorize of Auditors Incorperated to use their service networks as a gateway for the conduct of
these tests during the dates and times specified.
1.2 Service Degradation and/or Interruption.
	Network performance and/or availability may be affected
by the network scanning. Nakimura Industries releases Auditors Incorperated of any and all liability for
damages that may arise from network availability restrictions caused by the network scanning, unless such
damages are the result Auditors Incorperated's gross negligence or intentional misconduct.
1.3 Client Point of Contact During the Scanning Period.
	Nakimura Industries shall identify in writing a person to be available if the result Auditors
Incorperated Scanning Team has questions regarding data discovered or requires assistance.
1.4 Scanning period.
	Nakimura Industries and Auditors Incorperated Scanning Team shall identify in writing the allowable
dates for the scan to take place.

2.0 Enforcement
	Any employee found to have violated this policy may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and
including termination of employment.
