	This policy covers appropriate use of any email sent from a Nakimura Industries email address and
applies to all employees, vendors, and agents operating on behalf of Nakimura Industries.

1.0 Policy
1.1 Prohibited Use.
	The Nakimura Industries email system shall not to be used for the creation or
distribution of any disruptive or offensive messages, including offensive comments about race, gender, hair
color, disabilities, age, sexual orientation, pornography, religious beliefs and practice, political beliefs, or
national origin. Employees who receive any emails with this content from any Nakimura Industries
employee should report the matter to their supervisor immediately.
1.2 Personal Use.
	Using a reasonable amount of Nakimura Industries resources for personal emails is acceptable, but non-
work related email shall be saved in a separate folder from work related email. Sending chain letters or
joke emails from a Nakimura Industries email account is prohibited. Virus or other malware warnings
and mass mailings from Nakimura Industries shall be approved by Nakimura Industries VP
Operations before sending. These restrictions also apply to the forwarding of mail received by a
Nakimura Industries employee.
1.3 Monitoring
	Nakimura Industries employees shall have no expectation of privacy in anything they store, send or
receive on the company?s email system. Nakimura Industries may monitor messages without prior
notice. Nakimura Industries is not obliged to monitor email messages.

2.0 Enforcement
	Any employee found to have violated this policy may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and
including termination of employment.

3.0 Definitions
Term                         Definition
Email                             The electronic transmission of information through a mail protocol such as
                             SMTP or IMAP. Typical email clients include Eudora and Microsoft Outlook.
Forwarded email                   Email resent from an internal network to an outside point.
Chain email or letter             Email sent to successive people. Typically the body of the note has direction
                             to send out multiple copies of the note and promises good luck or money if the
                             direction is followed.
Sensitive information             Information is considered sensitive if it can be damaging to Nakimura
                             Industries or its customers' reputation or market standing.
Virus warning.                    Email containing warnings about virus or malware. The overwhelming majority
                             of these emails turn out to be a hoax and contain bogus information usually
                             intent only on frightening or misleading users.
Unauthorized Disclosure           The intentional or unintentional revealing of restricted information to
                             people, both inside and outside Nakimura Industries, who do not have a need to know
                             that information.
