	This policy applies to all Nakimura Industries employees, contractors, vendors and agents with a Nakimura
Industries-owned or personally-owned computer or workstation connected to the Nakimura Industries network.
This policy applies to all end user initiated communications between Nakimura Industries' network and the
Internet, including web browsing, instant messaging, file transfer, file sharing, and other standard and
proprietary protocols. Server to Server communications, such as SMTP traffic, backups, automated data
transfers or database communications are excluded from this policy.

1.0 Policy
1.1 Web Site Monitoring
	The Information Technology Department shall monitor Internet use from all computers and devices
connected to the corporate network. For all traffic the monitoring system must record the source IP
Address, the date, the time, the protocol, and the destination site or server. Where possible, the system
should record the User ID of the person or account initiating the traffic. Internet Use records must be
preserved for 180 days.
1.2 Access to Web Site Monitoring Reports
	General trending and activity reports will be made available to any employee as needed upon request to the
Information Technology Department. Computer Security Incident Response Team (CSIRT) members may
access all reports and data if necessary to respond to a security incident. Internet Use reports that identify
specific users, sites, teams, or devices will only be made available to associates outside the CSIRT upon
written or email request to Information Systems from a Human Resources Representative.
1.3 Internet Use Filtering System
	The Information Technology Department shall block access to Internet websites and protocols that are
deemed inappropriate for Nakimura Industries' corporate environment. The following protocols and
categories of websites should be blocked:
     - Adult/Sexually Explicit Material
     - Advertisements & Pop-Ups
     - Chat and Instant Messaging
     - Gambling
     - Hacking
     - Illegal Drugs
     - Intimate Apparel and Swimwear
     - Peer to Peer File Sharing
     - Personals and Dating
     - Social Network Services
     - SPAM, Phishing and Fraud
     - Spyware
     - Tasteless and Offensive Content
     - Violence, Intolerance and Hate
     - Web Based Email
1.4 Internet Use Filtering Rule Changes
	The Information Technology Department shall periodically review and recommend changes to web and
protocol filtering rules. Human Resources shall review these recommendations and decide if any changes
are to be made. Changes to web and protocol filtering rules will be recorded in the Internet Use Monitoring
and Filtering Policy.
1.5 Internet Use Filtering Exceptions
	If a site is mis-categorized, employees may request the site be un-blocked by submitting a ticket to the
Information Technology help desk. An IT employee will review the request and un-block the site if it is
mis-categorized. Employees may access blocked sites with permission if appropriate and necessary for business
purposes. If an employee needs access to a site that is blocked and appropriately categorized, they must submit
a request to their Human Resources representative. HR will present all approved exception requests to
Information Technology in writing or by email. Information Technology will unblock that site or category
for that associate only. Information Technology will track approved exceptions and report on them upon request.

2.0 Enforcement
	The IT Security Officer will periodically review Internet use monitoring and filtering systems and
processes to ensure they are in compliance with this policy. Any employee found to have violated this
policy may be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.

3.0 Definitions
Term                 Definition
Internet Filtering     Using technology that monitors each instance of communication between devices on the
                     corporate network and the Internet and blocks traffic that matches specific rules.
User ID                User Name or other identifier used when an associate logs into the corporate network.
IP Address             Unique network address assigned to each device to allow it to communicate with other
                     devices on the network or Internet.
SMTP                   Simple Mail Transfer Protocol. The Internet Protocol that facilitates the exchange of mail
                     messages between Internet mail servers.
p2p File Sharing       Services or protocols such as BitTorrent and Kazaa that allow Internet
                     connected hosts to make files available to or download files from other hosts.
Social Networking
Services               Internet sites such as Myspace and Facebook that allow users to post content,
                     chat, and interact in online communities.
SPAM                   Unsolicited Internet Email. SPAM sites are websites link to from unsolicited Internet mail
                     messages.
Phishing               Attempting to fraudulently acquire sensitive information by masquerading as a trusted entity in
                     an electronic communication.
Hacking                Sites that provide content about breaking or subverting computer security controls.
