	Allowing employees to install software on company computing devices opens the
organization up to unnecessary exposure. Conflicting file versions or DLLs which can
prevent programs from running, the introduction of malware from infected installation
software, unlicensed software which could be discovered in an audit, and programs whic
can be used to hack the organization's network are examples of the problems that can be
introduced when employees install software on company equipment.

1.0 Purpose
	To minimize the risk of loss of program functionality, the exposure of sensitive
information contained within <Company Name's> computing network, the risk of
introducing malware, and the legal exposure of running unlicensed software.

2.0 Scope
	This policy covers all computers, servers, PDAs, smartphones, and other computing
devices operating within Nakimura Industries.

3.0 Policy
	Employees may not install software on <Company Name's> computing devices operated
within the Nakimura Industries network. Software requests must first be approved by the
requester's manager and then be made to the Information Technology department or Help
Desk in writing or via email. Software must be selected from an approved software list,
maintained by the Information Technology department, unless no selection on the list
meets the requester's need. The Information Technology Department will obtain and
track the licenses, test new software for conflict and compatibility, and perform the
installation.

4.0 Enforcement
	Any employee found to have violated this policy may be subject to disciplinary action, up
to and including termination of employment.

5.0 Definitions
DLL: Dynamically Linked Library. A shared program module used by one or more
programs, often installed as part of a program installation. If the current version of a
DLL is overwritten by a newer or older version, existing programs that relied upon the
original version may cease to function or may not function reliably.
Malware: A wide variety of programs created with the explicit intention of performing
malicious acts on systems they run on, such as stealing information, hijacking
functionality, and attacking other systems.
PDA: Personal Digital Assistant. A portable, hand held computing device capable of
running software programs. It may connect to host computers or to wired or wireless
networks.
Smartphone: A cellular phone with qualities of a computer or PDA. It is capable of
running software programs and connecting to computer networks.
